Update First steps with Docker page (#1317)
memgraph/documentation: pages/getting-started/first-steps-with-docker.mdx

- On Linux, you might need to start the Docker service manually using a command like `sudo service docker start` or `sudo systemctl start docker`, depending on your Linux distribution.

## Run Memgraph with Docker

This is a quickstart example to get Memgraph running in Docker. For a more detailed overview, visit the how to [install Memgraph with Docker](/getting-started/install-memgraph/docker) documentation.

<Steps>
  {<h3 className="custom-header">Download the Memgraph Docker image</h3>} 

  Use the following command to download an image:
  ```
  docker pull memgraph/memgraph
  ```

  or for Memgraph with MAGE:

  ```
  docker pull memgraph/memgraph-mage
  ```

  All Memgraph Docker images are available at [Memgraph's Docker
  Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/memgraph). There you will find exact Docker
  image tags you can download and use to install Memgraph with. 

  {<h3 className="custom-header">Run a container</h3>}

  Start Memgraph using:

  ```
  docker run -p 7687:7687 --name memgraph memgraph/memgraph
  ```

  Common flags:
  - `-p 7687:7687`: Publish Bolt protocol port.
  - `--name memgraph`: Give your container a friendly name.

>   To run Memgraph MAGE with logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To run Memgraph MAGE with the port for logs exposed:
```

  ```
  docker run -p 7687:7687 -p 7444:7444 --name memgraph-mage memgraph/memgraph-mage
  ```

  {<h3 className="custom-header">Run with configuration</h3>}

>   If you want a certain [configuration
>   setting](/database-management/configuration) to be applied during a single
>   run, you need to pass the configuration option within the `docker run` command
>   instead of changing the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The simplest way to apply [configuration
  setting](/database-management/configuration) during a single
  run, is to pass the configuration flag within the `docker run` command. 
  For more options, check detailed instructions on [how to change the configuration](/database-management/configuration#changing-configuration). 
```

the container’s [ID](#get-docker-containers-id) or name:

You can stop multiple containers at once by listing them all in the command.

```
docker stop CONTAINER1_ID CONTAINER2_ID CONTAINER3_NAME
```

### Start a container

To restart a stopped container:

1. List all containers (including stopped ones):

```
docker ps -a
```

2. Start the container by ID or name:

```
docker start <CONTAINER_ID>
# or
docker start <CONTAINER_NAME>
```

### Delete a container

<Callout type="warning"> 
  Deleting a container is permanent. Make sure to back up any important data
  before proceeding.
</Callout>

Before deleting a container, ensure it’s stopped. Then use the docker rm command
with the container’s [ID](#get-docker-containers-id) or name:

```
docker rm <CONTAINER_ID>
# or
docker rm <CONTAINER_NAME>
```

To remove multiple containers at once:

```
docker rm CONTAINER1_ID CONTAINER2_ID CONTAINER3_NAME
```

### `docker run` vs `docker start`

While they might sound similar, `docker run` and `docker start` serve very
different purposes:

`docker run` — **create & start a new container**
- Initializes a new container from a specified image.

> - Pulls the image from Docker Hub if it’s not available locally.

Reviewer: I would add some kind of warning here or below that latest pulls the latest locally available image and to make sure to first run pull then run to ensure you have the latest image

```

Once inside the container, you can use standard Linux commands:
- `ls` – list files and directories
- `cd <directory>` – change to a directory
- `cd ..` – go up one directory
- `cat <file>` – display file contents

## File management

### Copy files from a Docker container

To copy files from a container to your local machine:
1. First, ensure you know the container’s ID or name.
2. Navigate to the local directory where you want to save the file.
3. Use the following command:

```
docker cp <CONTAINER_ID>:<path_in_container> <local_destination>
```

**Example**: Copying a configuration file to the Desktop:

```
docker cp bb3de2634afe:/etc/memgraph/memgraph.conf memgraph.conf
```

This will save `memgraph.conf` in the current directory.

### Copy files to a Docker container

To copy a file from your local system into a container:
1. Know the container’s ID or name.
2. Be in the local directory where the file is located.
3. Use the command:
```
docker cp <local_file> <CONTAINER_ID>:<path_in_container>
```

**Example**: Replacing the configuration file inside the container:

```
docker cp memgraph.conf bb3de2634afe:/etc/memgraph/memgraph.conf
```

> This will overwrite the file inside the container with your local version.

Reviewer: Maybe it would be useful to mention when this is commonly used with Memgraph - if you want Memgraph to have access to your custom qm, if you want to load the data, if you want to change the configuration or save backup locally.
